# packages in environment at /work/miniconda3/envs/hatchet:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
bcftools                  1.14                 hde04aa1_1    bioconda
biopython                 1.79             py39h3811e60_1    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h7f98852_6    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h7f98852_6    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39h3811e60_1003    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.26           h06a4308_2    defaults
certifi                   2021.10.8        py39hf3d152e_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.0           py39h4bc2ebd_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cryptography              36.0.1           py39h95dcef6_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.29.0           py39h3811e60_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.11.0               h70c0345_0    defaults
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
hatchet                   0.4.10           py39h7cff6ad_0    bioconda
htslib                    1.14                 h5138463_1    bioconda
idna                      3.3                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h7f98852_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py39h1a9c180_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               hcc1bbae_3    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           13_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h7f98852_6    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h7f98852_6    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h7f98852_6    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           13_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.81.0               h2574ce0_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.9                  h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20210714         h7f8727e_0    defaults
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0              h1d223b6_12    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            11.2.0              h69a702a_12    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.2.0              h5c6108e_12    conda-forge
libgomp                   11.2.0              h1d223b6_12    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           13_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.46.0               h812cca2_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.18          pthreads_h8fe5266_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0              he4da1e4_12    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.2.0                hf544144_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.0                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.0                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            h36c2ea0_1013    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.1            py39h2fa2bec_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_4    conda-forge
numpy                     1.22.1           py39h91f2184_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1m               h7f8727e_0    defaults
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.0            py39hde0f152_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          1_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
pillow                    8.4.0            py39h5aabda8_0    defaults
pip                       21.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.0            py39h3811e60_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyomo                     6.2              py39he80948d_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 21.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.17.0           py39h20405f9_1    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.1            py39hf3d152e_4    conda-forge
python                    3.9.9           h62f1059_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      2_cp39    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.14                 hb421002_0    bioconda
scikit-learn              1.0.2            py39h4dfa638_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.3            py39hee8e79c_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.11.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                60.5.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.37.0               h9cd32fc_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.13.1           py39hce5d2b2_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.0.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.11               h27826a3_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2021e                he74cb21_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py39h3811e60_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.8             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h36c2ea0_1013    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                ha95c52a_0    conda-forge
