# packages in environment at /work/miniconda3/envs/readcount_r:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0           py36h5fab9bb_1001    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.4.post0      py36h8f6f2f9_0    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.36.0               h3371d22_4    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                      py36_1    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bam-readcount             0.8              py36pl5.22.0_2    bioconda
bcftools                  1.13                 h3a49de5_0    bioconda
bcrypt                    3.2.0            py36h8f6f2f9_1    conda-forge
bedops                    2.4.39               h7d875b9_1    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.36.1               h193b22a_2    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.36                 hf3e587d_1    conda-forge
boto3                     1.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.22.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py36h8f6f2f9_1001    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.2               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.10.8            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cachetools                4.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h6cf1ce9_1008    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py36hd8eec40_1    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py36h5fab9bb_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
coincbc                   2.10.5               hcee13e7_1    conda-forge
configargparse            1.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              35.0.0           py36hb60f036_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.79.1               h2574ce0_1    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                   py36_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2            py36h8f6f2f9_2    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.17.1           py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   11.22.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.4.1                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_h74d3f13_101    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                      py36_1    conda-forge
filelock                  3.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            hba837de_1005    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         9.4.0               h03d3576_11    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              9.4.0                h391b98a_1    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.6               h04a7f16_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.0               hf68c758_0    defaults
gfortran_impl_linux-64    9.4.0               h0003116_11    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         9.4.0                hf0ab688_1    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.54.0               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.18             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  2.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               2.3.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         2.1.0              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.42.3             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2            py36h0208b43_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    2.0.3              pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.53.0           py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h23475e2_0    defaults
graphviz                  2.49.1               h85b4f2f_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.38.1           py36h8e87921_0    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  he838d99_2    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              h539f30e_1    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h64030ff_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         9.4.0               h03d3576_11    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              9.4.0                h0316aca_1    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  3.0.0                h83ec7ef_1    conda-forge
htslib                    1.13                 h9093b5e_0    bioconda
httplib2                  0.20.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       68.1                 h58526e2_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.2                pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
idna_ssl                  1.1.0           py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.11_14       pl5320hb118871_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.8.1            py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.8.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                    py36_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h7f98852_2003    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.10.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.8.1            py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_14    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.1            py36h605e78d_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               hcc1bbae_2    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2.1                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           12_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           12_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.79.1               h2574ce0_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20210714         h7f8727e_0    defaults
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h9c3ff4c_4    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     9.4.0               hd854feb_11    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0              h1d223b6_11    conda-forge
libgd                     2.3.3                h6ad9fb6_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            11.2.0              h69a702a_11    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.2.0              h5c6108e_11    conda-forge
libglib                   2.70.0               h174f98d_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   11.2.0              h1d223b6_11    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           12_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h812cca2_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.18          pthreads_h8fe5266_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h21135ba_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.18.0               h780b84a_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.52.2               hc3c00ef_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              9.4.0               h79bfe98_11    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h36c2ea0_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               ha56f1ee_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  9.4.0               hd854feb_11    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0              he4da1e4_11    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hf544144_1    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h9c3ff4c_1008    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.1                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.14                 h7b6447c_0    defaults
libxml2                   2.9.12               h72842e0_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.11            h36c2ea0_1013    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py36h8f6f2f9_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.3.4            py36hd391965_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 5.2.0            py36h8f6f2f9_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_4    conda-forge
networkx                  2.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py36hfc0c790_2    conda-forge
oauth2client              4.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb52868f_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.1.5            py36h284efc9_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.14.2               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.48.10              h54213e6_2    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                h032f7d1_0    conda-forge
peppy                     0.31.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.22.0.1                      0    conda-forge
pillow                    8.3.2            py36h676a545_0    conda-forge
pip                       21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
pluggy                    1.0.0            py36h5fab9bb_1    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                     py36_0    conda-forge
prettytable               2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.18.0           py36hc4f0c31_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.8.0            py36h8f6f2f9_1    conda-forge
pulp                      2.5.1            py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
py                        1.10.0             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                      py_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.6              py36he9cec78_1    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.4.0            py36h8f6f2f9_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 21.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py36h8f6f2f9_2    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                    py36_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py36h5fab9bb_3    conda-forge
pytest                    6.2.5            py36h5fab9bb_0    conda-forge
python                    3.6.13          hb7a2778_2_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     2_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.4.1            py36h8f6f2f9_1    conda-forge
r                         4.1             r41hd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r41hcfec24a_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.2.1             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.1                hb67fd72_0    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r41hcfec24a_1004    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.4             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_28            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.7.9             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_19            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.0.1             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.2             r41h859d828_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_18            r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.0_2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.4.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.2            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.28            r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.0.7             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-dtplyr                  1.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_81            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.5.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-gargle                  1.2.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.5             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-googledrive             2.0.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-googlesheets4           1.0.0             r41h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r41hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.4.3             r41h2713e49_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.9               r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.2             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ids                     1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.5             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.7.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r41h742201e_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.35              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_45           r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.8.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.1             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_54            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.3_4             r41he454529_0    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_38            r41he454529_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.8             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_153           r41h859d828_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_16            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.5             r41he36bf35_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.6.4             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.2.3             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r41hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.5.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.6.0             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r41h785f33e_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.7             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.0.2             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r41h2713e49_4    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.1             r41hd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r41hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-reprex                  2.0.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.12            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.11              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r41hcfec24a_2    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.13              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rvest                   1.0.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r41hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_14            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.5             r41hcabe038_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-survival                3.2_13            r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4               r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.1.0             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.1.5             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.1.4             r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.1.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.34              r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.1.2             r41h03ef668_2    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.2             r41hcfec24a_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    0.1_4             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.3.8             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.0             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.5.5             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.3.1             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.4.2             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.27              r41h03ef668_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r41h03ef668_1    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r41hcfec24a_1    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0           py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.26.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.7.2              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.13                 h8c37831_0    bioconda
scipy                     1.5.3            py36h81d768a_1    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                58.0.4           py36h5fab9bb_2    conda-forge
simplejson                3.17.5           py36h8f6f2f9_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slacker                   0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
smart_open                5.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 6.10.0               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         6.10.0             pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
sqlite                    3.36.0               h9cd32fc_2    conda-forge
stone                     3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_14    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.8.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.11               h27826a3_1    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.7                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py36h8f6f2f9_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
typing-extensions         3.10.0.2             hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.10.0.2           pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.6.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
uritemplate               3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.7             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.13.1           py36h8f6f2f9_0    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.5.1            py36h8c4c3a4_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h36c2ea0_1013    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                ha95c52a_0    conda-forge
