# packages in environment at /work/miniconda3/envs/vep:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.4            py37h5e8e339_0    conda-forge
amply                     0.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
atk-1.0                   2.36.0               h3371d22_4    conda-forge
attmap                    0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
azure-common              1.1.27             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
azure-core                1.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
azure-storage-blob        12.8.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bcftools                  1.10.2               h4f4756c_3    bioconda
bcrypt                    3.2.0            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
boto                      2.49.0                     py_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.17.76            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.20.76            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37hb5d75c8_1001    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.1               h7f98852_1    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.4.13            h06a4308_1    defaults
cachetools                4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h488836b_1006    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.5           py37hc58025e_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py37h89c1867_1    conda-forge
clustalw                  2.1                  h7d875b9_6    bioconda
coincbc                   2.10.5               hcee13e7_1    conda-forge
configargparse            1.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
connection_pool           0.0.3              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py37h5d9358c_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.76.1               hea6ffbf_2    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2            py37h5e8e339_2    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.17.1           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   11.9.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ensembl-vep               104.2           pl5262h4a94de4_0    bioconda
expat                     2.3.0                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.9           nompi_hcdd671c_101    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
filelock                  3.0.12             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            hba837de_1005    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h0708190_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   5.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.6               h04a7f16_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.0               hf68c758_0    defaults
ghostscript               9.54.0               h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.17             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.26.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-api-python-client  2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.30.0             pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
google-auth-httplib2      0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.6.0              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
google-cloud-storage      1.38.0             pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
google-crc32c             1.1.2            py37hab72019_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    1.2.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.53.0           py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h23475e2_0    defaults
graphviz                  2.42.3               h6939c30_2    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  he838d99_2    conda-forge
gtk2                      2.24.33              hab0c2f8_0    conda-forge
gts                       0.7.6                h64030ff_2    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.7.2                hb1ce69c_1    conda-forge
htslib                    1.10.2               hd3b49d5_1    bioconda
httplib2                  0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       67.1                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.11_12       pl5320h0cb4662_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.0.1            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.0.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
iniconfig                 1.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
isodate                   0.6.0                      py_1    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h7f98852_2003    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.10.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h516909a_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.1               hcc1bbae_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.1                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.76.1               h2574ce0_2    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.6                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20210216         h27cfd23_1    defaults
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h58526e2_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h2828fa1_19    conda-forge
libgd                     2.2.5             h341251c_1008    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            9.3.0               hff62375_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              9.3.0               hff62375_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.68.2               h3e27bee_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h2828fa1_19    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0                9_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               h812cca2_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.15          pthreads_h8fe5266_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.17.0               h780b84a_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.50.3               hfa39831_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h516909a_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                ha56f1ee_6    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               h6de172a_19    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hf544144_0    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h58526e2_1007    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.2.0                h3452ae3_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.0                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.14                 h7b6447c_0    defaults
libxml2                   2.9.10               h68273f3_2    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.33               hf705e74_1    conda-forge
logmuse                   0.2.6              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py37h5e8e339_0    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
msrest                    0.6.21             pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
multidict                 5.1.0            py37h5e8e339_1    conda-forge
mysql-connector-c         6.1.11            h6eb9d5d_1007    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h58526e2_4    conda-forge
networkx                  2.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.20.3           py37h038b26d_0    conda-forge
oauth2client              4.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.1.0                      py_0    defaults
openjpeg                  2.4.0                hb52868f_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1k               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.9               pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
paml                      4.9                  h779adbc_6    bioconda
pandas                    1.2.4            py37h219a48f_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h80147aa_5    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
peppy                     0.31.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h36c2ea0_1008    conda-forge
perl-aceperl              1.92                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-algorithm-diff       1.1903                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-algorithm-munkres    0.08                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-apache-test          1.40                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7044                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-appconfig            1.71                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-array-compare        3.0.1                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-autoloader           5.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-asn1-entrezgene  1.73                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-bio-coordinate       1.007001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-bio-db-hts           3.01            pl526hee625c5_1    bioconda
perl-bio-featureio        1.6.905                 pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-phylo            0.58                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bio-samtools         1.43            pl526h1341992_1    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-phylo-paml 1.7.3                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-clustalw 1.7.4                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-bio-tools-run-alignment-tcoffee 1.7.4                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl              1.7.2                  pl526_10    bioconda
perl-bioperl-core         1.007002                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-bioperl-run          1.007002                pl526_3    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.004                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20140910.003            pl526_0    bioconda
perl-cache-cache          1.08                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-capture-tiny         0.48                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-cgi                  4.44            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-class-data-inheritable 0.08                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-class-inspector      1.34                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-class-load           0.25                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-class-load-xs        0.10            pl526h6bb024c_2    bioconda
perl-class-method-modifiers 2.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-clone                0.42            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.087           pl526he1b5a44_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.087           pl526hc9558a2_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-convert-binary-c     0.78            pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-convert-binhex       1.125                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-crypt-rc4            2.02                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.173                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-data-optlist         0.110                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-data-stag            0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-date-format          2.30                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-db-file              1.855           pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-dbd-mysql            4.046           pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-dbd-sqlite           1.64            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-dbi                  1.642                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-globaldestruction 0.14                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-overloadinfo   0.005                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-devel-stacktrace     2.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-hmac          1.03                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.55                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-perl-md5      1.9                     pl526_1    bioconda
perl-digest-sha1          2.13            pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-dist-checkconflicts  0.11                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-dynaloader           1.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-email-date-format    1.005                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05                    pl526_6    bioconda
perl-error                0.17027                 pl526_1    bioconda
perl-eval-closure         0.14            pl526h6bb024c_4    bioconda
perl-exception-class      1.44                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-listing         6.04                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-slurp-tiny      0.004                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-sort            1.01                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-file-which           1.23                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-font-afm             1.20                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-font-ttf             1.06                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.71            pl526he860b03_0    bioconda
perl-getopt-long          2.50                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-graph                0.9704                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-graphviz             2.24            pl526h734ff71_0    bioconda
perl-html-element-extended 1.18                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-entities-numbered 0.04                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-formatter       2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.72            pl526h6bb024c_5    bioconda
perl-html-tableextract    2.13                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-html-tidy            1.60                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-treebuilder-xpath 0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.01                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.18                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-image-info           1.38                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-image-size           3.300                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.087           pl526he1b5a44_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.001                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-io-sessiondata       1.03                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.066                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-io-string            1.08                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-io-stringy           2.111                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-tty               1.12                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-ipc-run              20180523.0              pl526_0    bioconda
perl-ipc-sharelite        0.17            pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-jcode                2.07                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-json                 4.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-lib                  0.63                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-libxml-perl          0.08                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.428                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-protocol-https   6.07                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-lwp-simple           6.15            pl526h470a237_4    bioconda
perl-mailtools            2.21                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-cdf             0.1             pl526h14c3975_5    bioconda
perl-math-derivative      1.01                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-math-random          0.72            pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-math-spline          0.02                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.15                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-lite            3.030                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-tools           5.508                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mime-types           2.17                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-mldbm                2.05                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-implementation 0.09                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-runtime-conflicts 0.003                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-moo                  2.003004                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-moose                2.2011          pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-mozilla-ca           20180117                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mro-compat           0.13                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-net-http             6.19                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.88            pl526h90d6eec_0    bioconda
perl-ntlm                 1.09                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-ole-storage_lite     0.19                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-package-deprecationmanager 0.17                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-package-stash        0.38            pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-package-stash-xs     0.28            pl526hf484d3e_1    bioconda
perl-params-util          1.07            pl526h6bb024c_4    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-parse-recdescent     1.967015                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-pdf-api2             2.035                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-perlio-gzip          0.20            pl526h84994c4_1    bioconda
perl-pod-escapes          1.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-pod-usage            1.69                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-postscript           0.06                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-role-tiny            2.000008                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.52            pl526h516909a_0    bioconda
perl-sereal               4.007                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-sereal-decoder       4.007           pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-sereal-encoder       4.007           pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-set-intervaltree     0.12            pl526he1b5a44_0    bioconda
perl-set-scalar           1.29                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-soap-lite            1.19                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sort-naturally       1.03                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-spreadsheet-parseexcel 0.65                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-spreadsheet-writeexcel 2.40                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-statistics-descriptive 3.0702                  pl526_0    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter         0.987                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-sub-exporter-progressive 0.001013                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-sub-identify         0.14            pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-sub-install          0.928                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-sub-name             0.21                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sub-quote            2.006003                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-sub-uplevel          0.2800          pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-svg                  2.84                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-svg-graph            0.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-task-weaken          1.06                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-template-toolkit     2.26                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test                 1.26                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test-deep            1.128                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-test-differences     0.67                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-exception       0.43                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-test-harness         3.42                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-leaktrace       0.16            pl526h14c3975_2    bioconda
perl-test-most            0.35                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-requiresinternet 0.05                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-test-warn            0.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-text-csv             2.00                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-text-diff            1.45                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-tie-ixhash           1.23                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-time-hires           1.9760          pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.28                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-tree-dag_node        1.31                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-type-tiny            1.004004                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.0                     pl526_2    bioconda
perl-unicode-map          0.112           pl526h6bb024c_3    bioconda
perl-uri                  1.76                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-dom              1.46                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-dom-xpath        0.14                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-filter-buffertext 1.01                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-libxml           2.0132          pl526h7ec2d77_1    bioconda
perl-xml-libxslt          1.94                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl5262hc3e0081_1002    conda-forge
perl-xml-regexp           0.04                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-sax              1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-writer       0.57                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-simple           2.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-twig             3.52                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-writer           0.625                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xml-xpath            1.44                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-xpathengine      0.14                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.29                    pl526_0    bioconda
pip                       21.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h516909a_1008    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1           py37h89c1867_4    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
prettytable               2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.17.0           py37hcd2ae1e_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.8.0            py37h5e8e339_1    conda-forge
pulp                      2.4              py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
py                        1.10.0             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                      py_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.7              py37h0b1d2a2_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.4.0            py37h8f50634_2    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py37h5e8e339_2    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37h89c1867_3    conda-forge
pytest                    6.2.4            py37h89c1867_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.10          hffdb5ce_100_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2021.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.4.1            py37h5e8e339_0    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  h46c0cb4_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.25.1             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.7.2              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
samtools                  1.10                 h2e538c0_3    bioconda
setuptools                52.0.0           py37h06a4308_0    defaults
simplejson                3.17.2           py37h5e8e339_2    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slacker                   0.14.0                     py_0    conda-forge
smart_open                5.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.5              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 6.4.0                hdfd78af_0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         6.4.0              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
sqlite                    3.35.5               h74cdb3f_0    conda-forge
stone                     3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
stopit                    1.1.2                      py_0    conda-forge
t_coffee                  11.0.8           py37hea885bf_8    bioconda
tidyp                     1.04                 h779adbc_3    bioconda
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         3.7.4.3                       0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.3                    py_0    conda-forge
ubiquerg                  0.6.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ucsc-liftover             377                  h0b8a92a_3    bioconda
unzip                     6.0                  h516909a_2    conda-forge
uritemplate               3.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vcf2maf                   1.6.21               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
veracitools               0.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.36.2             pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.12.1           py37h5e8e339_3    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.12               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.13               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.5.1            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1010    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                ha95c52a_0    conda-forge
