# packages in environment at /work/sduvarcall/miniconda3:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
_sysroot_linux-64_curr_repodata_hack 3                   ha9d2b57_10    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.6.2            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
alfred                    0.2.1                h43566fd_1    bioconda
appdirs                   1.4.3                      py_1    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
bcftools                  1.9                  ha228f0b_4    bioconda
bcrypt                    3.1.7            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
bedtools                  2.29.2               hc088bd4_0    bioconda
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.35                 h18a2f87_9    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.35                hc3fd857_29    conda-forge
bioconductor-biobase      2.50.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.36.0                    r40_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.24.0            r40h5f743cb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.58.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.26.0                    r40_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.3                     r40_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.6.3                         1    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.42.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.24.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-noiseq       2.34.0                    r40_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      1.22.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.6.0             r40h5f743cb_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.36.6                        0    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.28.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.0.2                         1    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.30.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.36.0            r40h037d062_0    bioconda
boost-cpp                 1.70.0               h8e57a91_2    conda-forge
boto3                     1.14.39            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.17.39            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h8f50634_1000    conda-forge
bwa                       0.7.17               hed695b0_7    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.11.0               h470a237_1    bioconda
ca-certificates           2020.11.8            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cachetools                4.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hcf35c78_1003    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.6.20        py37he5f6b98_2    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.1           py37h2b28604_0    conda-forge
cgpbigwig                 1.2.0                h39a84b1_0    bioconda
chardet                   3.0.4           py37hc8dfbb8_1006    conda-forge
click                     7.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               14.0             py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
conda                     4.9.0            py37he5f6b98_1    conda-forge
conda-package-handling    1.6.0            py37h8f50634_2    conda-forge
configargparse            1.2.3              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.0              py37hb09aad4_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.69.1               h33f0ec9_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.15.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   10.1.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.9                        0    bioconda
fftw                      3.3.8           nompi_h7f3a6c3_1111    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      2.001                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.030                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.2               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   4.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
gatk4                     4.1.8.1                  py38_0    bioconda
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.5.0                hd420e75_6    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.5.0               he2a3fca_29    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.38.2               h3f25603_4    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         7.5.0               ha081f1e_29    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.18                          1    bioconda
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.7                      py_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.65.0               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.0                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.6.13               h79a8f9a_0    conda-forge
gobject-introspection     1.64.1           py37h619baee_1    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.22.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
google-auth               1.20.1                     py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-core         1.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.28.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-resumable-media    0.5.0                      py_1    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.51.0           py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.42.3               h0511662_0    conda-forge
gridss                    2.8.0                         0    bioconda
gsl                       2.6                  h294904e_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.5.0                hdf63c60_6    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.5.0               h547f3ba_29    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h9f30f68_3    conda-forge
hmmcopy                   0.1.1                hd28b015_2    bioconda
htslib                    1.9                  ha228f0b_7    bioconda
humanfriendly             8.2              py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
idna                      2.10               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.10_26       pl526h201ca68_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.7.0            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.7.0                         0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h516909a_2002    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.10.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h516909a_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   3.10.0              h77966d4_10    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37h99015e2_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               hfafb76e_2    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35                 h769bd43_9    conda-forge
libbigwig                 0.4.4                h936984b_0    bioconda
libblas                   3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libcroco                  0.6.13               h8d621e5_1    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.69.1               hf7181ac_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.0                  h14c3975_1    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20191231         h46ee950_1    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.10               hcdb4288_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.3.0               h24d8f2e_14    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.5.0               hdf63c60_14    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.3.0               h24d8f2e_14    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               17_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.41.0               hab1572f_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.10          pthreads_hb3c22a3_4    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.12.4               h8b12597_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.49.3               h33a7fed_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_5    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.3.0               hdf63c60_14    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.14                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc7e4089_6    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.1.0                h56121f0_4    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h516909a_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
lzstring                  1.0.4                   py_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
markdown                  3.2.2                      py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py37h250f245_2    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
multidict                 4.7.5            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.8                        py_2    bioconda
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
nettle                    3.4.1             h1bed415_1002    conda-forge
networkx                  2.2                        py_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.1           py37h8960a57_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   8.0.192           h516909a_1005    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h981e76c_3    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1h               h516909a_0    conda-forge
p11-kit                   0.23.20              hc5be6a0_0    conda-forge
packaging                 20.3                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    1.1.0            py37h3340039_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               h7062337_4    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.1              pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.34                h2f06484_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
pip                       20.2.1                     py_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
prettytable               0.7.2                      py_3    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.12.4           py37h3340039_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.7.2            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycosat                   0.6.3           py37h8f50634_1004    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.3              py37h14c3975_1  
pynacl                    1.3.0           py37h516909a_1001    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.16.0           py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.15.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pytest                    5.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.7.6           h8356626_5_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.8.2                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
qualimap                  2.2.2d                        1    bioconda
r                         4.0                    r40_1004    conda-forge
r-base                    4.0.0                hdca8982_3    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.72.0_3          r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_6           r40hcdcec82_1004    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_25            r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_17            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r40h9bbef5b_3    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_80            r40hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.7               r40h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r40h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r40_2    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_17           r40hfa343cc_1    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.6          r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_18            r40h7fa42b6_3    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_31            r40h7fa42b6_1    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_148           r40h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_14            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.6             r40h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.2          r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-recommended             4.0                    r40_1004    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r40hcdcec82_2    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_3           r40h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_12            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-survival                3.1_12            r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.99_0.3          r40hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  h46ee950_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.24.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpy2                      3.2.7                    pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.6                pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ruamel_yaml               0.15.80         py37h8f50634_1001    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
samtools                  1.9                 h10a08f8_12    bioconda
sed                       4.8                  hbfbb72e_0    conda-forge
sequenza-utils            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                49.3.1           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
simplegeneric             0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
simplejson                3.17.2           py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
six                       1.15.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 5.6.0                         0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         5.6.0                      py_0    bioconda
spectra                   0.0.11                     py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.32.3               hcee41ef_1    conda-forge
survivor                  1.0.7                he513fc3_0    bioconda
sysroot_linux-64          2.17                h77966d4_10    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h555a92e_3    conda-forge
tmux                      3.1                  ha1ba12b_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.48.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
tzlocal                   2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.25.10                    py_0    conda-forge
varscan                   2.4.4                         0    bioconda
vcftools                  0.1.16               he860b03_3    bioconda
wcwidth                   0.1.9                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.12.1           py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.11               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.13               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.3.0           py37h516909a_1000    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1007    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.5                h6597ccf_2    conda-forge
